Add info about splitting subscriptions by environment as per Wicksy's… (#4286)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/manage-azure-costs/rule.md

In addition to the overarching budget, specific apps can be targeted to monitor how much is being spent on them. Each time a new service is proposed, it is a good idea to have a cost conversation. Remember to jump into Azure and create a new budget to monitor that app.

#### Subscriptions - Split costing by environment

> In addition to budgets, it's also a good idea to split costing by environment so you can get a clear picture of the difference between dev, test and production. So, it is best practice to use a different subscription for each environment you have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to budgets, it's also a good idea to split costing between production and non-production scenarios. This can help diagnose why there are unexpected spend fluctuations e.g. performed load testing on the test site. Also l, there are sometimes discounts that can be applied to a subscription only used for dev/test scenarios.  
```
